All righty, so let's get started
with our development process,
and this video will cover step one
of adding the SQL to the application.properties file.
Let's take a quick look
at our student and grade service test.
So at the moment here this is why we have the hard coded SQL
in the before each.
And now let's go ahead
and open up our application.properties file,
and let's add the SQL here.
Let me stretch out a bit,
give myself some room to work with.
And now I'll add the SQL to create a student.
Notice here I use the back slash
to give myself a line break,
mainly just to kind of keep everything on the screen.
However when this is processed,
it'll be processed as one SQL statement,
as one big long string.
And now let me zoom in here
and do a similar thing for are creating a math grade.
And then I repeat the process here for a science grade,
and also for history grade.
Next I'll go ahead and write the SQL statements to delete.
We'll have code here for deleting a student,
and then a similar thing here
for deleting math grade,
science grade, and also history grade.
All righty, so this coding looks good here for the moment.